
###Name
Inline Method

###Summary

Put the method's body into the body of its callers and remove the method

###Design Pattern
None

###Motivation

**Why**
- We use short methods named to show their intention, because these methods lead to clearer and easier to read code.But sometimes you do come across a method in which the body is as clear as the name. Or you refactor the body of the code into something that
is just as clear as the name. When this happens, you should then get rid of the method. Indirection can be helpful, but needless indirection is irritating.

- When you have a group of methods that seem badly factored. You can inline them all into one big method and then reextract the methods.
- When someone is using too much indirection and it seems that every method does simple delegation to another method, and we get lost in all the delegation. In these cases some of the indirection is worthwhile, but not all of it. By trying to inline we can flush out
the useful ones and eliminate the rest.

**Why NOT**

- Don't inline if subclasses override the method; they cannot override a method that isn't there.

###Mechanics

- Find all calls to the method.
- Replace each call with the method body.
- Compile and test.
- Remove the method definition.

###Example

```
int getRating() {
return (moreThanFiveLateDeliveries()) ? 2 : 1;
}

boolean moreThanFiveLateDeliveries() {
return _numberOfLateDeliveries > 5;
}
```

This code can be transformed into following by inlining the method as below:

```
int getRating() {
return (_numberOfLateDeliveries > 5) ? 2 : 1;
}
```
